# UAV

<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

documentation is available at [UAV
docs](https://johnnewto.github.io/UAV/)

## Guide to developing with UAV

### Developing with nbdev - Initial setup

For a step-by-step guide to using nbdev [guide to using
nbdev](https://nbdev.fast.ai/tutorials/tutorial.html) You’ll need the
following software to develope using nbdev:

1.  Python venv
2.  A Python package manager: ie pip
3.  Jupyter Notebook

``` sh
pip install jupyter
```

4.  nbdev

``` sh
pip install nbdev
```

5.  Quarto

``` sh
nbdev_install_quarto
```

6.  Install Quarto JupyterLab extension

``` sh
pip install jupyterlab-quarto
```

7.  Install nbdev pre-commit hooks to catch and fix uncleaned and
    unexported notebooks

``` sh
pip install pre-commit
```

see [nbdev Pre-Commit
Hooks](https://nbdev.fast.ai/tutorials/pre_commit.html) for more details

### Airsim

AirSim is a simulator for drones, cars and more, built on [Unreal
Engine](https://www.unrealengine.com/) (we now also have an experimental
[Unity](https://unity3d.com/) release). It is open-source, cross
platform, and supports software-in-the-loop simulation with popular
flight controllers such as PX4 & ArduPilot and hardware-in-loop with PX4
for physically and visually realistic simulations. It is developed as an
Unreal plugin that can simply be dropped into any Unreal environment.
Similarly, we have an experimental release for a Unity plugin.

Our goal is to develop AirSim as a platform for AI research to
experiment with deep learning, computer vision and reinforcement
learning algorithms for autonomous vehicles. For this purpose, AirSim
also exposes APIs to retrieve data and control vehicles in a platform
independent way. [![AirSim Drone Demo
Video](images/demo_video.png)](https://youtu.be/-WfTr1-OBGQ)

#### Install msgpack-rpc-python with tornado 4.5.3

To run airsim in jupyter you need msgpack-rpc-python to have an old
version of tornado. The latest version of msgpack-rpc-python is 0.4.1,
which requires tornado 4.5.3. The latest version of tornado is 6.1,
which is not compatible with msgpack-rpc-python.

The repo
<https://github.com/xaedes/msgpack-rpc-python/tree/with_tornado_453> is
a fork of msgpack-rpc-python which includes tornado 4.5.3 directly in
the repo. This is not the best solution, but it works. This may not be
the best solution, but for me it solves the issue. I can now use
jupyterlab and notebook together with msgpack-rpc-python. The example
works. It is hard to interrupt the server side tho…

To use it, just clone it and checkout the branch with_tornado_453.
Remove any existing installation of msgpack-rpc-python: pip uninstall
msgpack-rpc-python

Install msgpack-rpc-python with integrated tornado from the local
directory in which you cloned fork, for example when you are currently
in this directory: `pip install ~/../msgpack-rpc-python`

#### Install Airsim

For the binary releases of Airsim see
<https://github.com/microsoft/AirSim/releases/tag/v1.8.1> We recommend
the linux version as this repo is developed on linux.

### Checkout UAV and Install the library

``` sh
git clone https://github.com/johnnewto/UAV.git
pip install UAV
```

### Preview Docs

Start the preview by entering this into your terminal:

``` sh
nbdev_preview
```

### Prepare your changes

Before commiting your changes to GitHub we recommend running
`nbdev_prepare` in the terminal,

which bundles the following commands:

- `nbdev_export`: Builds the `.py` modules from Jupyter notebooks
- `nbdev_test`: Tests your notebooks
- `nbdev_clean`: Cleans your notebooks to get rid of extreanous output
  for git
- `nbdev_readme`: Updates your repo’s `README.md` file from your index
  notebook.

### Update Static site docs

Generate the static docs by entering `nbdev_docs` into your terminal:

### Push to GitHub

You can now commit and push your changes to GitHub. As we mentioned
before, always remember to run `nbdev_prepare` before you commit to
ensure your modules are exported and your tests pass. You can use
`git status` to check which files have been generated or changed. Then:

``` sh
git add .
git commit -m 'Add `say_hello`; update index' # Update this text with your own message
git push
```

This will kick-off your GitHub Actions. Wait a minute or two for those
to complete, then check your updated repo and documentation.

## Other

### Set up autoreload

Since you’ll be often updating your modules from one notebook, and using
them in another, it’s helpful if your notebook automatically reads in
the new modules as soon as the Python file changes. To make this happen,
just add these lines to the top of your notebook:

``` sh
%load_ext autoreload
%autoreload 2
```
